[Music]
seven facial features that can say a lot
about you research continues to show
that our appearance can say a lot about
our personality and lifestyle but what
exactly do your facial features say
about you just stay tuned to find out
and while you're watching how about a
little game among all the faces you are
about to see we've hidden three images
of famous criminals can you find them
all keep an eye out
number seven facial structure
psychologist and neuroscientist dr.
Keith Welker studied the facial
structure of around 1,000 World Cup
soccer players and found that a player's
facial width to height ratio was closely
connected to the number of goals he
scored this ratio is the distance
between the cheekbones width divided by
the distance between the brow bone and
upper lip height a low score is from one
point five to one point seven average is
one point seven to one point eight five
and a high score is around one point
eight five to two point O according to
the research the higher the number the
more competent a person is in other
words the visually wider your face the
higher your chances of being successful
are of course this is all purely based
on averages and it really depends on the
individual so finds your facial to
height ratio and see where you stand
number six broad cheekbones
speaking of wide faces this point might
shock you especially after that last
example British scientists have found
that men with higher levels of
testosterone have wider faces with broad
cheekbones this hormone is connected to
a high level of aggression rebellious
tendencies and a desire for power which
might explain why a lot of big CEOs have
wider faces even more interestingly
women can extinct release ence all of
this Hollywood takes full advantage of
this
conscious perception directors like to
choose men with such looks to play
villains rebels and womanizers just
think about it and lots of examples will
come to your mind number five wrinkles
having wrinkles doesn't just give away
your age it can also say a lot about
your personality how you see there are
certain muscles that work every time you
smile cry frown or raise your eyebrows
after some time they get used to
particular emotions and draw them on
your face making them visible even when
your face is resting crow's feet and
smile lines say you're a true optimist
who's pretty emotional but also just
loves to laugh and have a good time a
crease on your forehead between your
eyebrows suggests a completely different
story you're a serious person who's had
to overcome real struggles and
difficulties over time see your wrinkles
tell the story of your life number four
your good side a lot of us like our
picture taken from a certain angle
thinking it's our best one however
scientists at the University of South
Australia have found that it's not so
simple it turns out that engineers
mathematicians and chemists usually pose
with their right side to the camera
while art critics and psychologists
prefer their left side so basically it's
the right side for people who like exact
scientists and the left one for those
who lean towards the humanities by the
way there's a slight differentiation
between the genders as well women tend
to turn to the camera with their left
side researchers believe that this is
because the left part of our face is
controlled by the right hemisphere of
our brain which is responsible for our
emotions that's why it seems way more
attractive number 3 selfies
in 2015 a group of scientists analyzed
123 selfies taken from sign away by a
Chinese micro blogging site sort of like
Twitter the researchers found a
fascinating connection between types of
selfies and people's personalities
people who are friendlier and more open
to new experiences tend to use the
bottom-up approach when taking selfies
they usually show their emotions more
and aren't afraid to look funny or
ridiculous selfie takers with the
infamous duck face and high angle tend
to be neurotic however students couldn't
figure out all of an individual's
personality traits correctly only based
on a photo that's simply because almost
everybody tries to look better in their
pictures which complicates the process
of finding out who they truly are still
you can easily tell someone's general
vibe based on their profile pictures
number 2 nose a study published at the
Journal of craniofacial surgery came to
some very surprising results researchers
analyzed 1,700 pictures with 14 types of
noses and linked all of them to
different personality types they found
out that the bigger a person's nose the
more ambitious they are these people are
perfectionists and they always finish
what they start scientists even analyzed
the tip of the nose weird but still
pretty cool right so if the tip of your
nose is a little big and fleshy you'd
make a great investor in finance ear and
on the flip side people with small
pointed noses don't really care that
much about money number one the Dorian
Gray effect have you ever noticed how
identical twins start to look less and
less alike as they get older you can
have the best genes ever but the
lifestyle you lead will still affect
your appearance it's like all of your
bad habits are slowly being imprinted
right on your face this let's everybody
around you figure out what kind of
lifestyle you've had and
what they can't expect from you for
example you can always spot a heavy
drinker or an out-of-control drug addict
right
that's what we're talking about here so
if you take care of yourself and your
body you'll look good at any age we've
seen tons of examples of how a person's
face can say a lot about their
personality and lifestyle but appearance
can also easily trick you Alexandr
Todorov a professor of psychology at
Princeton University is sure that we
instantaneously form an impression of a
person standing in front of us
purely based on their looks this gives
rise to the halo effect when beautiful
people seem way friendlier than they
really are
Todorov also conducted an experiment in
which he asked students to judge the
appearance of different composite images
those with a round face and big eyes
were seen as naive genuine and kind a
symmetric serious and less attractive
faces were associated with antisocial
and bad behavior with all that in mind
did you manage to find the three
criminals hidden throughout the video
here they are
the first man is Ted Bundy an American
serial killer and rapist
the woman is rosemary West a British
serial killer
and finally this stud right here is
Jeremy Mix an American convicted felon
who was even dubbed the most beautiful
criminal in the world they don't look
that violent do they just one more
reason you shouldn't judge a book by
it's cover what do you think about this
topic do facial features really play a
role in forming personality traits and
did you recognize any of the criminals
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to share this video with
your friends and family they might learn
more about themselves to stay with us on
the bright side of life and we'll see
you soon
you